The project's title
	Auction Verification
The project category (education, environment, etc.)
	Economy
Full names of all of your team members
	Dahai Xie, Haoting Pei, Jiahao He, Jiayi Song, Shuo Tian, Yicheng Zhang
A couple of sentences of how this is related to ML for Scientific Discovery
	  Our team chose the dataset of the auction to test and optimize the machine learning. As the auction is quite time-consuming, we hope to find out if there is an effective algorithm to simplify the process of the auction and even can predict the result.
	  We will apply what we have learned about machine learning in this project. Machine learning is constantly studying how to use the experience to improve the system's performance through computational means. At the same time, in computer systems, "experience" is usually stored as "data" in the project. We will discuss the direction we want to take, and we hope to improve the algorithm of the project through group work throughout the semester, using a variety of algorithms and models in machine learning to compare and test the most suitable solution. We compose a dataset and test set based on actual times and results from past histories. By using machine learning knowledge to build a model, we write code for specific features of data and finally compare the results in multiple codes. This means finding out whether the accuracy of expensive verification of complex process models can be replaced by outcome prediction.
	  We are looking forward to the next series of activities to learn about the machine and discuss it to complete this project.
Preliminary analysis of the data		 
	  The dataset contains seven attributes, and the dataset is made up of 2043 instances, each representing a validation run. The verification checks whether a particular product is likely to have a special price and (for some instances only) whether a particular bidder is likely to win the product at that price. 
	  The dataset does not contain missing values or NULL; the data is a CSV file. Because the data is factual event information, each value should not be ignored as a feature value. The comparison based on the four bidding prices can be classified according to the number of bids, and the whole bidding process can be re-observed, and it is likely to find the law of bidding, which is the expected part of psychology.
	  The dataset consists of 2043 data frames and has been preprocessed with no missing or abnormal values. The dataset contains a total of 7 numerical features. Using R, I built a simple generalized linear regression model with the number of winning products as the response variable and the bidder's financial capacity, product validation price, and product validation quantity as explanatory variables. However, the results showed that traditional data analysis models could have been more precise in analyzing this dataset. The data exhibited relatively high levels of discreteness, and both negative binomial and Poisson models yielded high AIC values. The traditional regression model revealed that the validation price and quantity of validated products, as well as bidder 1's bidding capacity, had a significant impact on the final number of winning products in this dataset.
Link to the dataset
          https://archive-beta.ics.uci.edu/dataset/713/auction+verification
Contribution
        We use github to do the version control, so the contribution is clearly shown on the github
	Link to repository: https://github.com/yuyubujue/361-ML
